(AzureCXP) fixes MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs#111977 (#112125)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-machines/snapshot-copy-managed-disk.md

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)

> This example requires that you use [Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/bash) or have the [Azure Powershell AZ module](/powershell/azure/?view=azps-10.1.0) installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example requires that you use [Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/bash) or install the [Azure PowerShell module](/powershell/azure/install-azure-powershell).
```

> This example requires that you use [Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/bash) or have the [Azure Powershell AZ module](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/?view=azps-10.1.0) installed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example requires that you use [Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/bash) or have the [Azure Powershell AZ module](/powershell/azure/?view=azps-10.1.0) installed.
```
